KIC Proxy Request guides (#879)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/k8s/configure-tcp-listen.md

## Expose additional ports

> {{site.base_gateway}} does not include any TCP listen configuration by default. To expose TCP listens, update the Deployment's environment variables and port configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.base_gateway}} doesn't include any TCP listen configuration by default. To expose TCP listens, update the Deployment's environment variables and port configuration.
```

              {
                "name": "proxy",
                "env": [
                  {
                    "name": "KONG_STREAM_LISTEN",
                    "value": "{% if include.plaintext %}0.0.0.0:9000{% endif %}{% if include.plaintext and include.tls %}, {% endif %}{% if include.tls %}0.0.0.0:9443 ssl{% endif %}"
                  }
                ],
                "ports": [
                  {% if include.plaintext %}{
                    "containerPort": 9000,
                    "name": "stream9000",
                    "protocol": "TCP"
                  }{% endif %}{% if include.plaintext and include.tls %},{% endif %}{% if include.tls %}{
                    "containerPort": 9443,
                    "name": "stream9443",
                    "protocol": "TCP"
                  }{% endif %}
                ]
              }
            ]
          }
        }
      }
    }'
    ```
    {% if include.tls %}The `ssl` parameter after the 9443 listener instructs {{site.base_gateway}} to expect TLS-encrypted TCP traffic on that port.
    {% if include.plaintext %}The 9000 listener has no parameters, and expects plain TCP traffic.{% endif %} {% endif %}

> 1.  Update the proxy Service to indicate the new ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Update the proxy Service to indicate the new ports:
```
